
This Dockerfile/image is used to build Centos Stream8 binary packages
by our Travis CI/CD system. For each of the four source bundles, the
image provides a build environment used to make binary images that
we both use internally and distribute.

The source bundles built are:

1. hyrax-dependencies: a collection of third-party software that is hard
    to get from package systems in the versions our Hyrax server needs. For
    this code we build a tar.gz archive of the libraries and header files
    that will only be used internally.
2. libdap4: a C++ library that implements the DAP2 and DAP4 protocols. It
    is used by the BES. We build RPMs for use internally and for public
    distribution.
3. bes: the Back End Server for Hyrax. This uses the hyrax-dependencies and
    and the libdap RPMs for its build. We distribute this as RPMs and in a
    docker container.
4. olfs: the OPeNDAP Lightweight Front-end Server for Hyrax. This code consists
    of a collection of Java servlets that implement the web API of DAP2 and DAP4,
    among other we APIs. We distribute this as a WAR file and in a Docker
    container.

The two Dockerfiles here are used to build the base docker image for the Centos
Stream8 (CS8) build and to build the entire software stack. The 'Dockerfile'
is used to build the base image and Travis then combines that with a script
resident in the various source repositories to build the different binaries.
The 'Dockerfile.template' holds a complete recipe for building all parts of
the Hyrax server.

We build use 'Dockerfile' to build an image that is stored n our DockerHub
repo and pull that for the Travis builds.

Notes specific to CS8

CS8 lacks the Sun XDR/RPC libraries by default. Use the Yum PowerTools repo
to load the tirpc libraries (two packages - one for the runtime and one for
the development headers, etc.).

To get both libdap4 and hdf4 to _use_ these, set the environment variables
CPPFLAGS and LDFLAGS. These need to be exported if set in the Dockerfile
RUN instruction.

jhrg 2/8/22

